[Music]
if he doesn't come up with the rent by
the end of the week he's out of here
come on Julie Finn would have sold his
soul for rock and roll but nobody had
this body you're an embarrassment
you're out those dreams
don't you miss rocking out you're not a
teacher Ned you're the cross-dressing
Incubus from maggot death dewy not a
satanic sex god anymore I'm a sub and
soon I'll be a certified teacher I'm the
principal here at Horace green prep and
we need somebody to start immediately
Hey so how much we talking here 650 a
week hello this is snitch nibbly
introduce miss dunham substitute this is
mr. schneebly all right look I've got a
hangover who knows what that means
doesn't mean your trunk no it means I
was drunk yesterday now not the most
prestigious prep school in the country
yes Tinker Bell that poster shirts
everyone's performance where the
students are rewarded for following the
rules economist six school is this
the lesson there will be no gold stars
or demerits that will rock their world
it's called rock band is this a school
project it will go on your permanent
record
hello Harvard yo you what's your name
Seth you have a play electric guitar my
dad won't let me
Zach do not walk away from me when I'm
talking to you what makes you mad more
than anything in the world
no allowance choice bullies Oh
mr. schneebly just wanted to say that
was a really cool lesson oh thanks dude
all they wanted was an education they're
gonna laugh at you have an incredible
singing voice people are gonna dig you I
swear okay what they got clear was a
revolution I've just been informed that
all of your children are missing
[Music]
the school of rock it will test your
head and your mind your brain
[Music]